# Simple Forum

The forum will be used for taking part in discussions, sharing opinions, and responding to other users. Forum categories will be created to allow for the partitioning of discussions to ensure people looking for specific topics are able to easily find posts related to that topic. Users will have the ability to create these topics for people to post related discussions in, as well as to partake/view discussions in this topic.

The forum can display discussions within a topic which the users can choose to read or partake in. The user will also have the ability to start a discussion. Users will have the ability to share an image or a poll along with a discussion. Users can like/dislike any discussion and/or comments, as well as see how many likes/dislikes a discussion/comment has. Users will have the ability to create a discussion but not edit the discussion once it is created.

Each user will have the ability to create a profile to start viewing, creating or participating in posts. Users will have a unique username and a short bio they can write for themselves as well as the ability to upload a profile picture. Users will have the ability to follow certain topics as well as favorite/save discussions they like. Users will be able to partake in the polls other people start and also view the results of that poll.

Forums are a place where anyone can come to see other peoples views and opinions, as well as state their own. That being said, the user base is not expected to be targeted to a specific group of people, rather the topics are made to guide specific groups into spaces of people who want to talk about similar things. For example someone who wants to talk about video games may mainly be in the “Gaming” topic, while someone who enjoys cooking may mainly be in the “Cooking” topic while both are still using the same app. Thus the only real constraints on the audience we will want to cater to are those who enjoy being on the internet, likely ranging from teenagers to middle-aged adults.

In pre-release versions of our forum we’ll create sample user accounts and posts to make sure everything is working properly. Once we finalize and release our build, everything including accounts, topics, discussions, and comments will be generated by real users who use the system, not just test accounts and posts made by devs.

The forum will start off as an Android application but has the basis and framework to be extended into other forms of consumption and usage such as a web page or desktop application. Since the forum provides a public API other users are also free to create their own applications or plug-ins using the API to connect to our back end. 


Features (Priority, Time Estimate):
    - User Account Creation (high, 3 days)
    - User authentication (high, 3 days)
    - Topic, and discussion creation (high, 4 days)
    - Commenting/respond to posts (high, 4 days)
    - UI [ Login/Sign up view, CRUD view, List/Detail view ] (high, 6 days)
    - Custom profiles (Profile picture, Username, Bio) (medium, 5 days)
    - Add an image to a post (medium, 3 days)
    - Make a poll as a post (low, 7 days)
    - Reaction/Like/Dislike button (low, 2 days)
    - Follow a topic (low, 3 days)
    - Favorite a discussion (low, 3 days)



User stories:

    - “As a user I need to be able to create a new discussion within a topic”
    - “As a user I need to be able to view other people's discussions.
    - “As a user I need to be able to comment on someone’s discussion”
    - “As a user I need to be able to create an account for myself with a unique username and password to ensure my account is safe and distinguishable from others.”
    - “As a user I want to be able to create a new topic so I as well as others can create and comment on discussions relating to that topic.”
    - “As a user, I saw an interesting topic and I really liked one comment under that topic, so I can click to agree with that comment.”

